[ADD] rental: Added pickup and return page (#19590)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/rental/configure_products/labor_service_products.rst

   .. image:: labor_service_products/example-prices-tab.png
      :alt: Sample of the Prices tab of service product in the Rental app.

.. _rental/labor_service_products/ecommerce:

eCommerce features
------------------

.. important::

>    This tab is only available if the **Website** app and :guilabel:`eCommerce` module is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This tab is only available if the **Website** app and **eCommerce** module are installed.
```

The :guilabel:`eCommerce` tab configures the product page on the website. Refer to the :ref:`Product
visibility <ecommerce/products/publish-products>` and :ref:`Product configuration
<ecommerce/products/product-configuration>` sections for the **eCommerce** module for configuration
instructions.

Refer to the *Availabilities* setting in the :ref:`Rental app's settings
<rental/product_type/configuration>` to set what days and business hours of the week customers can
book or return rental products online at a company level. If the product isn't published to the

> website then the setting does not go into effect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
book or return rental products online at a company level. If the product isn’t published on the website, the setting does not take effect.
```
suggestion
